Add Cloud Secrets Store back-ends (#1348)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/advanced-guide/practical/secrets-management.md

We are deprecating Secrets Managers in favor of [the centralized ZenML secrets store](#centralized-secrets-store).
Going forward, we recommend using the ZenML secrets store instead of secrets
manager stack components to configure and store secrets. [Referencing secrets in your pipelines and stacks](#how-to-use-registered-secrets)
works the same way regardless of whether you are using a secrets manager or the
centralized secrets store.
If you already use secrets managers to manage your secrets, please use the
provided `zenml secrets-manager secrets migrate` CLI command to migrate your
secrets to the centralized secrets store.
{% endhint %}

## Centralized secrets store

ZenML provides a centralized secrets management system that allows you to
register and manage secrets in a secure way. When you are using a local ZenML
deployment, the secrets are stored in the local SQLite database. If you are
connected to a remote ZenML server, the secrets are stored in the secrets
management back-end that the server is configured to use, but all access to the
secrets is done through the ZenML server API.

Currently, the ZenML server can be configured to use one of the following

> supported secret store back-ends:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supported secret store back-ends:
```
```suggestion
supported secrets store back-ends:
```

will not work in combination with a remote orchestrator.
{% endhint %}

## Secrets management with Secrets Managers

[Secrets Managers](../../component-gallery/secrets-managers/secrets-managers.md)
are ZenML stack components that allow you to register and access secrets when
used as part of your active stack.

{% hint style="warning" %}
We are deprecating secrets managers in favor of the [centralized ZenML secrets store](#centralized-secrets-store).
Going forward, we recommend using the secrets store instead of secrets managers
to configure and store secrets.

If you already use secrets managers to manage your secrets, please use the
provided `zenml secrets-manager secrets migrate` CLI command to migrate your
secrets to the centralized secrets store.

Managing secrets through a secrets manager stack component suffers from a
number of limitations, some of which are:

* you need to configure [a Secrets Manager stack component](../../component-gallery/secrets-managers/secrets-managers.md)
and add it to your active stack before you can register and access secrets. With
centralized secrets management, you don't need to configure anything, your ZenML

> local deployment or ZenML server replaces the secrets manager role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
local deployment or ZenML server takes on the secrets manager role.
```
